{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 Agamben, Giorgio, and Daniel Heller-Roazen. {\i{}Homo Sacer.} Stanford, Calif.: Stanford University Press, 1998. Print.\
Ahmed, Sara. \uc0\u8220{}Orientations: Toward a Queer Phenomenology.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}GLQ: A Journal of Lesbian and Gay Studies} 12.4 (2006): 543\uc0\u8211{}574. Print.\
Alighieri, Dante. {\i{}Inferno}. Trans. Allen Mandelbaum. Bantam Classic Ed edition. New York: Bantam Classics, 1982. Print.\
---. {\i{}Purgatorio}. Trans. Allen Mandelbaum. New York: Bantam Classics, 1984. Print.\
\uc0\u8220{}Alighieri, Dante (1265\uc0\u8211{}1321) - The New Life.\uc0\u8221{} N.p., n.d. Web. 20 Feb. 2017.\
Alighieri, Dante, and S. Carrai. {\i{}Vita nuova}. Milano: BUR Biblioteca Univ. Rizzoli, 2009. Print.\
Antonelli, R. {\i{}I poeti della Scuola siciliana: 1}. Milano: Mondadori, 2008. Print.\
Aquinas, St Thomas. {\i{}Summa Theologica, Volume 1}. Cosimo, Inc., 2013. Print.\
Assisi), Saint Francis (of. {\i{}Francis and Clare: The Complete Works}. Paulist Press, 1982. Print.\
Astell, Ann W. \uc0\u8220{}Heroic Virtue in Blessed Raymond of Capua\uc0\u8217{}s Life of Catherine of Siena.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Journal of Medieval and Early Modern Studies} 42.1 (2012): 35\uc0\u8211{}57. Print.\
Aversano, Mario. {\i{}Dante, Iacopone da Todi e il canto XXXIII del Paradiso}. Manocalzati (AV): Il Papavero, 2015. Print.\
Avila, Saint Teresa of. {\i{}The Collected Works of St. Teresa of Avila, Vol 3}. ICS Publications, 1985. Print.\
Bainbridge, Virginia R. \uc0\u8220{}Syon Abbey: Women and Learning C. 1415-1600.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syon Abbey and Its Books: Reading, Writing and Religion, C.1400-1700}. Ed. E. A Jones and Alexandra Walsham. Rochester, NY: The Boydell Press, 2010. 82\uc0\u8211{}176. Print.\
Barthes, Roland, Thomas Clerc, and Eric Marty. {\i{}The Neutral: Lecture Course at the Coll\uc0\u232{}ge de France (1977-1978)}. Columbia University Press, 2005. Print.\
Beattie, Blake. \uc0\u8220{}Catherine of Siena and the Papacy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}A Companion to Catherine of Siena}. Ed. Carolyn Muessig, George Ferzoco, and Beverly Mayne Kienzle. Leiden: Brill, 2012. 73\uc0\u8211{}98. Print.\
Beauvoir, Simone de. {\i{}Le Deuxi\uc0\u232{}me Sexe}. Vintage Books, 1953. Print.\
Beauvoir, Simone de, and Mario Prassinos. {\i{}Le deuxi\uc0\u232{}me sexe}. Gallimard, 1990. Print.\
Bell, Rudolph M. {\i{}Holy Anorexia}. 1 edition. University Of Chicago Press, 1987. Print.\
Bingen), Hildegard (von. {\i{}Symphonia: A Critical Edition of the Symphonia Armonie Celestium Revelationum (Symphony of the Harmony of Celestial Revelations)}. Cornell University Press, 1998. Print.\
Boccaccio, Giovanni. {\i{}Decameron}. Milano: Mondadori, 2015. Print.\
Bowden, Caroline. \uc0\u8220{}Books and Reading at Syon Abbey, Lisbon, in the Seventeenth Century.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syon Abbey and Its Books: Reading, Writing and Religion, C.1400-1700}. Ed. E. A Jones and Alexandra Walsham. Rochester, NY: The Boydell Press, 2010. 177\uc0\u8211{}201. Print.\
Box, George E. P., and Norman R. Draper. {\i{}Empirical Model-Building and Response Surfaces}. 1 edition. New York: Wiley, 1987. Print.\
Braidotti, Rosi. {\i{}Nomadic Subjects Embodiment and Sexual Difference in Contemporary Feminist Theory}. New York: Columbia University Press, 2011. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
---. {\i{}The Posthuman}. N.p., 2013. Print.\
Brand, C. P, and Lino Pertile. {\i{}The Cambridge History of Italian Literature}. Cambridge [England]; New York: Cambridge University Press, 1996. Print.\
Brown, Jennifer N. \uc0\u8220{}From the Charterhouse to the Printing House: Catherine of Siena in Medieval England.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Middle English Religious Writing in Practice: Texts, Readers, and Transformations}. Ed. Nicole R/ Rice. N.p., 2013. Print.\
Bullough, Vern L., and Bonnie Bullough. {\i{}Cross Dressing, Sex, and Gender}. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 1993. Print.\
Butler, Judith. {\i{}Gender Trouble: Feminism and the Subversion of Identity}. New York: Routledge, 2006. Print.\
Bynum, Caroline Walker. {\i{}Holy Feast and Holy Fast the Religious Significance of Food to Medieval Women}. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1987. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
Caffarini, Tommaso, Giuliana Cavallini, and Imelda Foralosso. {\i{}Libellus de supplemento: Legende prolixe virginis Beate Catherine de Senis}. Roma: Edizioni Cateriniane, 1974. Print.\
{\i{}Cambridge, Cambridge University Library, St. John\uc0\u8217{}s College, MS. C 25 (James 75)}.\
Capecelatro, Alfonso. {\i{}Storia Di S. Caterina Da Siena E Del Papato Del Suo Tempo}. Florence: Barbera, 1858. Print.\
Carri\uc0\u243{}n, Mar\uc0\u237{}a M. \uc0\u8220{}Sustainable Devotion. Water, Soil, and Nature in Teresa de Jes\uc0\u250{}s\uc0\u8217{}s Libro de La Vida.\uc0\u8221{} Cambridge, MA: N.p., 2016. Print.\
Castiglione, Baldassarre, and A. Quondam. {\i{}Il Cortigiano}. Milano: Mondadori, 2002. Print.\
Caterina et al. {\i{}Dialogo della serafica vergine, et sposa di Christo S. Catherina da Siena. Diuiso in quattro trattati. Nel quale profondissimamente si tratta della Prouidenza di Dio. Et vn breue compendio della sua vita, & canonizatione, sotto il pontificato di papa Pio 2. Et nel fine se narra il suo felice transito.} In Venetia: appresso Giacomo Cornetti, 1589. Print.\
Catharina et al. {\i{}The Orcherd of Syon}. London [etc.]: Oxford University Press, 1966. Print.\
Catherine. {\i{}The dialogue}. Trans. Suzanne Noffke. New York: Paulist Press, 1980. Print.\
Catherine, and Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies. {\i{}The Letters of Catherine of Siena. Vol. 1 Vol. 1}. Tempe, Ariz.: Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, 2000. Print.\
Catherine, and Suzanne Noffke. {\i{}The Letters of Catherine of Siena. Vol. 3 Vol. 3}. Tempe, AZ: Arizona center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, 2007. Print.\
---. {\i{}The Prayers of Catherine of Siena}. New York: Paulist Press, 1983. Print.\
Catherine of Siena. \uc0\u8220{}Le Lettere Di Santa Caterina Da Siena.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Santa Caterina Da Siena: Opera Omnia. CD-ROM}. Ed. Antonio Volpato and Fausto Sbaffoni. Pistoia: Provincia Romana dei Frati Predicatori, 2002. Print.\
Cavalcanti, Guido, G. Inglese, and R. Rea. {\i{}Rime}. Roma: Carocci, 2011. Print.\
Cavallini, Guiliana. {\i{}Catherine of Siena}. London: Bloomsbury Academic, 2005. Print.\
Cavarero, Adriana et al. {\i{}In spite of Plato: a feminist rewriting of ancient philosophy}. Cambridge, UK: Polity, 1995. Print.\
Chaucer, Geoffrey. {\i{}The Canterbury Tales}. Ed. Jill Mann. Reprint edition. London: Penguin Classics, 2005. Print.\
Cixous, H\uc0\u233{}l\uc0\u232{}ne. {\i{}The Newly Born Woman}. U of Minnesota Press, 1986. Print.\
Clairvaux, Saint Bernard of, and Aeterna Press. {\i{}Commentary on the Song of Songs}. Aeterna Press, 2015. Print.\
Classics, Benediction, and Anonymous. {\i{}The Holy Bible American Standard Version}. Benediction Classics, 2010. Print.\
Cox, Virginia, and Project Muse. {\i{}The Prodigious Muse Women\uc0\u8217{}s Writing in Counter-Reformation Italy}. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 2011. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
Cruz, Anna J. \uc0\u8220{}Transgendering the Mystical Voice: Angela de Foligno, San Juan, Santa Teresa, Luisa de Carvajal.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Echoes and Inscriptions: Comparative Approaches to Early Modern Spanish Literatures}. Ed. Barbara A. Simerka and Christopher B. Weimer. Lewisburg: Bucknell University Press, 2000. 127\uc0\u8211{}141. Print.\
da Foligno, Angela\uc0\u8239{}: {\i{}Angela de Fulginio, in quo ostenditur nobis vera via qua possumus sequi vestigia nostri Redemptoris. ..} apud Guillelmum Chaudiere, via Iacobaea sub signo Temporis, & Hominis Syluestris, 1598. Print.\
da Foligno, Angela\uc0\u8239{}:, and Girolamo Giovannini. {\i{}Vita, e conuersione marauigliosa, della b. Angela da Fuligno, suora del terzo ordine del P.S. Francesco. Tradotta in volgare da maestro F. Gieronimo da Capugnano bolognese Domenichino. ..} appresso i Sessa, 1604. Print.\
Dante Alighieri. {\i{}Dante, De Vulgari Eloquentia}. Ed. Steven Botterill. Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press, 1996. Print.\
---. {\i{}Paradiso: A Verse Translation}. Trans. Allen Mandelbaum. Toronto; New York: Bantam, 1986. Print.\
Dante Alighieri, Joseph Tusiani, and Giuseppe C Di Scipio. {\i{}Dante\uc0\u8217{}s Lyric Poems Revised and Expanded (includes the Vita Nuova)}. Brooklyn, N.Y.: Legas, 1999. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 11 Dec. 2015.\
da Todi, Jacopone. {\i{}Jacopone Da Todi: The Lauds}. Trans. Serge Hughes and Elizabeth Hughes. New York: Paulist Press, 1981. Print.\
de Jes\uc0\u250{}s, Teresa. {\i{}Libro de La Vida}. Ed. D\uc0\u225{}maso Chicharro. Madrid: C\uc0\u225{}tedra, 1984. Print.\
Despres, Denise L. \uc0\u8220{}Ecstatic Reading and Missionary Mysticism: The Orcherd of Syon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Prophets Abroad: The Reception of Continental Holy Women in Late-Medieval England}. Ed. Rosalynn Voaden. Cambridge: D.S. Brewer, 1996. 141\uc0\u8211{}160. Print.\
Doyle, I.A. \uc0\u8220{}Book Production by Monastic Orders in England (c. 1375-1530): Assessing the Evidence.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Medieval Book Production, Assessing the Evidence: Proceedings of the Second Conference of the Seminar in the History of the Book to 1550, Oxford, July 1988}. Ed. Linda L. Brownrigg. Los Altos Hills, CA: Anderson Lovelace, 1990. 1\uc0\u8211{}19. Print.\
Dupr\uc0\u233{} Theseider, Eugenio. {\i{}Unpublished Notes (conserved in the Collections of the Centro Nazionale Di Studi Cateriniani, Rome)}.\
Edgar, Swift, and Angela M. Kinney. {\i{}The Vulgate Bible: The New Testament}. Harvard University Press, 2013. Print.\
Egan, Gabriel. \uc0\u8220{}Intention in the Editing of Shakespeare.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Style} 44.3 (2010): 378\uc0\u8211{}390. Print.\
Emerson, Jan S. {\i{}Imagining Heaven in the Middle Ages: A Book of Essays}. Routledge, 2014. Print.\
\uc0\u8220{}Etimologia\uc0\u8239{}: Ricreare;\uc0\u8221{} N.p., n.d. Web. 21 Feb. 2017.\
Exeter Symposium, and Marion Glasscoe. {\i{}The Medieval Mystical Tradition in England, Ireland, and Wales Exeter Symposium VI: Papers Read at Charney Manor, July 1999}. Rochester, NY: D.S. Brewer, 1999. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
Falls, David J. {\i{}Nicholas Love\uc0\u8217{}s Mirror and Late Medieval Devotio-Literary Culture: Theological Politics and Devotional Practice in Fifteenth-Century England}. Routledge, 2016. Print.\
Farmer, John David. \uc0\u8220{}Henry Fuseli, Milton and English Romanticism.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bulletin of the Art Institute of Chicago (1973-1982)} 68.4 (1974): 15\uc0\u8211{}19. {\i{}JSTOR}. Web.\
Ferzoco, George. \uc0\u8220{}The Processo Castellano and the Canonization of Catherine of Siena.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}A Companion to Catherine of Siena}. Ed. Carolyn Muessig, George Ferzoco, and Beverly Mayne Kienzle. Leiden: Brill, 2012. 185\uc0\u8211{}201. Print.\
Flemberg, Marie-Louise. \uc0\u8220{}Queen Philippa as a Benefactor of the Birgittines.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Birgitttiana} 19 (2005): 181\uc0\u8211{}92. Print.\
Flynn, Maureen. \uc0\u8220{}The Spiritual Uses of Pain in Spanish Mysticism.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Academy of Religion} 64.2 (1996): 257\uc0\u8211{}278. Print.\
Forbes, Cheryl. \uc0\u8220{}The Radical Rhetoric of Caterina Da Siena.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Rhetoric Review} 23.2 (2004): 121\uc0\u8211{}140. Print.\
France, James. \uc0\u8220{}The Heritage of Saint Bernard in Medieval Art.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}A Companion to Bernard of Clairvaux}. Ed. Brian Patrick McGuire. Leiden: Brill, 2011. 305\uc0\u8211{}346. Print.\
Frazier, Alison Knowles. {\i{}Possible Lives: Authors and Saints in Renaissance Italy}. New York: Columbia University Press, 2005. Print.\
Freud, Sigmund et al. {\i{}The Standard Edition of the Complete Psychological Works of Sigmund Freud}. Hogarth Press, 1971. Print.\
Furlong, Monica. {\i{}Visions and Longings: Medieval Women Mystics}. Shambhala Publications, 1997. Print.\
Girolamo, C. Di. {\i{}I poeti della Scuola siciliana: 2}. Milano: Mondadori, 2008. Print.\
Gris\uc0\u233{}, C. Annette. \uc0\u8220{}Catherine of Siena.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Palgrave History of British Women\uc0\u8217{}s Writing, 700-1500}. Ed. Liz Herbert McAvoy and Diane Watt. Basingstoke, Hampshire, UK: Palgrave Macmillan, 2012. 216\uc0\u8211{}222. Print.\
---. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Moche Profitable unto Religious Persones, Gathered by a Brother of Syon\uc0\u8217{}: Syon Abbey and English Books.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syon Abbey and Its Books: Reading, Writing and Religion, C.1400-1700}. Ed. E. A Jones and Alexandra Walsham. Rochester, NY: The Boydell Press, 2010. 129\uc0\u8211{}153. Print.\
Guinizzelli, Guido, and P. Pelosi. {\i{}Rime}. Napoli: Liguori, 1999. Print.\
Haraway, Donna Jeanne. \uc0\u8220{}A Cyborg Manifesto: Science, Technology, and Socialist-Feminism in the Late Twentieth Century.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Simians, Cyborgs, and Women: The Reinvention of Nature}. New York: Routledge, 1991. Print.\
Harmless, William. {\i{}Mysitcs}. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2008. Print.\
Hilka, Alfons. {\i{}Die Wundergeschichten Des Caesarius von Heisterbach}. Bonn: Publikationen der Gesellschaft f\uc0\u252{}r Rheinische Geschichtskunde xliii, 1937. Print.\
Hollywood, Amy. \uc0\u8220{}Gender, Agency, and the Divine in Religious Historiography.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Journal of Religion} 84.4 (2004): 514\uc0\u8211{}528. {\i{}JSTOR}. Web.\
Hollywood, Amy M. \uc0\u8220{}Beauvoir, Irigaray, and the Mystical.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Hypatia} 9.4 (1994): 158\uc0\u8211{}185. Print.\
Hollywood, Amy M. {\i{}Sensible Ecstasy Mysticism, Sexual Difference, and the Demands of History}. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2002. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
{\i{}Il processo castellano: Santa Caterina da Siena nelle testimonianze al processo di canonizzazione di Venezia.} Firenze: Nerbini, 2009. Print.\
Irigaray, Luce. {\i{}Speculum of the Other Woman}. Ithaca, N.Y.: Cornell University Press, 1985. Print.\
Jankowski, Theodora A. {\i{}Pure Resistance: Queer Virginity in Early Modern English Drama}. University of Pennsylvania Press, 2000. Print.\
Jones, E. A, and Alexandra Walsham. {\i{}Syon Abbey and Its Books: Reading, Writing and Religion, c.1400-1700}. Woodbridge, U.K.; Rochester, N.Y.: Boydell, 2010. Print.\
Jorgensen, Johannes. {\i{}Saint Catherine of Siena}. Wipf and Stock Publishers, 2012. Print.\
Julian, and Denise Nowakowski Baker. {\i{}Showings: Authoritative Text, Contexts, Criticism}. New York: W.W. Norton & Co., 2005. Print.\
Julian (of Norwich), and Frances Beer. {\i{}Revelations of Divine Love, Translated from British Library Additional MS 37790: The Motherhood of God\uc0\u8239{}: An Excerpt, Translated from British Library MS Sloane 2477}. DS Brewer, 1998. Print.\
Kempe, Margery, and Liz Herbert McAvoy. {\i{}The Book of Margery Kempe: An Abridged Translation}. Boydell & Brewer Ltd, 2003. Print.\
Kempe, Margery, and B. A. (Barry A.) Windeatt. {\i{}The Book of Margery Kempe: Translated by B.A. Windeatt (Penguin Classics)}. Cambridge [England]: Proquest LLC, 2011. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 5 Oct. 2015.\
King, Margaret L. {\i{}Women of the Renaissance}. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1991. Print.\
Kristeva, Julia. \uc0\u8220{}Stabat Mater.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Kristeva Reader}. Ed. Toril Moi. Trans. L\uc0\u233{}on S. Roudiez. New York: Columbia University Press, 1986. Print.\
---. {\i{}Teresa My Love: An Imagined Life of the Saint of Avila}. Trans. Lorna S. Fox. New York: Columbia University Press, 2015. Print.\
Lacan, Jacques. {\i{}\uc0\u201{}crits: A Selection}. Trans. Alan Sheridan. New York: W.W. Norton & Co., 1977. Print.\
---. \uc0\u8220{}God and the Jouissance of The [strikeout \uc0\u8216{}The\uc0\u8217{}] Woman.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Feminine Sexuality: Jacques Lacan and the \uc0\u233{}cole Freudienne}. Ed. Juliet Mitchell and Jacqueline Rose. Trans. Juliet Mitchell. New York: W.W. Norton & Co., 1982. 137\uc0\u8211{}148. Print.\
Latini, Brunetto, Spurgeon W Baldwin, and Paul Barrette. {\i{}Li livres dou tresor}. Tempe, Ariz.: Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, 2003. Print.\
Law, Sarah. \uc0\u8220{}In the Centre: Spiritual and Cultural Representations of Julian of Norwich in the Julian Centre.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Julian of Norwich\uc0\u8217{}s Legacy: Medieval Mysticism and Post-Medieval Reception}. Ed. Sarah Salih and Denise N. Baker. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2009. 173\uc0\u8211{}190. Print.\
Logan, F. Donald. {\i{}A History of the Church in the Middle Ages}. London: Routledge, 2002. Print.\
{\i{}London, The British Library, Harley 3432 (Pref.MS), Harley 2409}.\
Luongo, Francis Thomas. {\i{}The Saintly Politics of Catherine of Siena}. Cornell University Press, 2006. Print.\
Luongo, F. Thomas. \uc0\u8220{}Catherine of Siena: Rewriting Female Holy Authority.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Women, the Book, and the Godly: Selected Proceedings of the St. Hilda\uc0\u8217{}s Conference, 1993}. Ed. Lesley Smith and Jane H.M. Taylor. Rochester, NY: D.S. Brewer, 1995. 89\uc0\u8211{}104. Print.\
---. \uc0\u8220{}Saintly Authorship in the Italian Renaissance: The Quattrocento Reception of Catherine of Siena\uc0\u8217{}s Letters.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Catherine of Siena: The Creation of a Cult}. Ed. Jeffrey F Hamburger and Gabriela Signori. N.p., 2013. 135\uc0\u8211{}167. Print.\
Magdeburg, Mechthild (of. {\i{}The Flowing Light of the Godhead}. Paulist Press, 1998. Print.\
Magdeburg, Mechthild (von. {\i{}Das fliessende Licht der Gottheit: zweisprachige Ausgabe}. Verlag der Weltreligionen, 2010. Print.\
Manley, Lawrence, and Sally-Beth MacLean, eds. \uc0\u8220{}Shakespeare and Lord Strange\uc0\u8217{}s Men.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Lord Strange\uc0\u8217{}s Men and Their Plays}. Yale University Press, 2014. 280\uc0\u8211{}320. {\i{}JSTOR}. Web. 10 Dec. 2015.\
Marinella, Lucrezia et al. {\i{}De\uc0\u8217{} gesti eroici e della vita maravigliosa della serafica S. Caterina da Siena}. N.p., 2011. Print.\
Mazzoni, Cristina. \uc0\u8220{}How to Candy Oranges and Reprimand the Pope: Catherine of Siena\uc0\u8217{}s Letter 346 to Urban VI.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Spiritus: A Journal of Christian Spirituality} 16.1 (2016): 41\uc0\u8211{}57. {\i{}muse-jhu-edu.ezproxy.gc.cuny.edu}. Web.\
Mazzotta, Giuseppe. {\i{}The Worlds of Petrarch}. Duke University Press, 1993. Print.\
McAvoy, Liz Herbert, and P. D. Watt. {\i{}The History of British Women\uc0\u8217{}s Writing, 700-1500: Volume One}. Springer, 2011. Print.\
McDermott, Thomas. {\i{}Catherine of Siena: Spiritual Development in Her Life and Teaching}. Paulist Press, 2008. Print.\
McGinn, Bernard. {\i{}The Foundations of Mysticism}. I. New York: Crossroad, 1992. Print. IV.\
---. {\i{}The Growth of Mysticism}. II. New York: Crossroad, 1994. Print. IV.\
McGuire, Brian Patrick. {\i{}The Difficult Saint: Bernard of Clairvaux and His Tradition}. Kalamazo, MI: Cistercian Publications, 1991. Print.\
McInerney, Maud Burnett. \uc0\u8220{}Like a Virgin: The Problem of Male Virginity in the Symphonia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Hildegard of Bingen: A Book of Essays}. Ed. Maud Burnett McInerney. New York: Garland Publishing, 1998. 133\uc0\u8211{}154. Print.\
McLean, Paul D. {\i{}The Art of the Network: Strategic Interaction and Patronage in Renaissance Florence}. Durham N.C.: Duke University Press Books, 2007. Print.\
Mechthild of Magdeburg. {\i{}Das Fliessende Licht Der Gottheit}. Ed. Hans Neumann. Munich: Artemis Verlag, 1990. Print.\
---. {\i{}Flowing Light of the Divinity}. Trans. Christiane Mesch Galvani. New York: Garland, 1991. Print.\
\uc0\u8220{}Middle English Dictionary Entry.\uc0\u8221{} N.p., n.d. Web. 21 Feb. 2017.\
Moore, Stephen D. {\i{}God\uc0\u8217{}s Beauty Parlor: And Other Queer Spaces in and Around the Bible}. Stanford University Press, 2001. Print.\
Moretti, Franco. {\i{}Distant Reading}. Verso Books, 2013. Print.\
Muessig, Carolyn, George Ferzoco, and Beverly Mayne Kienzle. {\i{}A Companion to Catherine of Siena}. Leiden; Boston: Brill, 2012. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
Newman, Barabara. {\i{}From Virile Woman to WomanChrist: Studies in Medieval Religion and Literature}. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 1995. Print.\
{\i{}New York, Pierpont Morgan Library MS 162}.\
Noffke, Suzanne. {\i{}Catherine of Siena: Vision through a Distant Eye}. Collegeville, Minn.: Liturgical Press, 1996. Print.\
---. \uc0\u8220{}The Writings of Catherine of Siena: The Manuscript Tradition.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}A Companion to Catherine of Siena}. Ed. Carolyn Muessig, George Ferzoco, and Beverly Mayne Kienzle. Brill, 2012. 295\uc0\u8211{}337. Print.\
OCSO, Kilian Walsh, and Irene Edmonds, trans. {\i{}Bernard of Clairvaux: Sermons on the Songs of Songs Vol 4}. Kalamazoo, Mich.: Cistercian Publications, 1980. Print.\
Parsons, Gerald. {\i{}The Cult of Saint Catherine of Siena: A Study in Civil Religion}. Ashgate Publishing, Ltd., 2008. Print.\
Petrarca, Francesco. {\i{}Petrarch\uc0\u8217{}s Lyric Poems: The Rime Sparse and Other Lyrics}. Harvard University Press, 1976. Print.\
\uc0\u8220{}Petrarch (1304\uc0\u8211{}1374) - The Complete Canzoniere: 306-366.\uc0\u8221{} N.p., n.d. Web. 20 Feb. 2017.\
Pinkus, Dr Assaf. {\i{}Sculpting Simulacra in Medieval Germany, 1250-1380}. Ashgate Publishing, Ltd., 2014. Print.\
Plato. {\i{}Symposium}. Hackett Publishing, 1900. Print.\
Psaki, F. Regina. \uc0\u8220{}The Sexual Body in Dante\uc0\u8217{}s Celestial Paradise.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Imagining Heaven in the Middle Ages: A Book of Essays}. Ed. Jan Swango Emerson and Hugh Feiss. New York: Garland Publishing, 2000. Print.\
Psaki, F. Regina, and Charles Hindley. {\i{}The Earthly Paradise: The Garden of Eden from Antiquity to Modernity}. Global Academic Publishing, 2002. Print.\
Publishers, Hendrickson. {\i{}The Holy Bible: King James Version}. Hendrickson Publishers, 2004. Print.\
Ragazzi, Grazia Mangano. {\i{}Obeying the Truth: Discretion in the Spiritual Writings of Saint Catherine of Siena}. 1 edition. Oxford\uc0\u8239{}; New York: Oxford University Press, 2014. Print.\
Raymond, and John Fenn. {\i{}The Life of the Blessed Virgin, Sainct Catharine of Siena Drawne out of All Them That Had Written It from the Beginning. And Written in Italian by the Reuerend Father, Doctor Caterinus Senensis. And Now Translated into Englishe out of the Same Doctor, by Iohn Fen Priest & Confessar to the Englishe Nunnes at Louaine.} Douai: Printed by C. Boscard] With permission of superiors, 1609. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 5 Oct. 2015.\
Raymond, and Raymond Lamb. {\i{}The Life of St. Catherine of Siena: [the Classic on Her Life and Accomplishments as Recorded by Her Spiritual Director]}. N.p., 2011. Print.\
Rogers, Simon. \uc0\u8220{}Every Pope Ever: The Full List.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}the Guardian}. N.p., 13 Feb. 2013. Web. 5 Mar. 2017.\
Rolfson, Helen. \uc0\u8220{}Images of God in the Mystics.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mystics Quarterly} 14.3 (1988): 123\uc0\u8211{}134. Print.\
{\i{}Rome, Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana Cod. Vat. Lat 939}.\
{\i{}Rome, Biblioteca Casanatense, MS 292.}\
{\i{}Rome, Biblioteca Nazionale Vittorio Emanuele, MS 102}.\
Rowan, John Patrick. {\i{}The Soul: A Translation of St. Thomas Aquinas\uc0\u8217{} De Anima}. Wipf and Stock Publishers, 2008. Print.\
Russell, David. \uc0\u8220{}Religious Mystical Mothers: Margery Kempe and Caterina Benincasa.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Medieval Mystical Tradition in England: Exeter Symposium VIII}. Ed. E. A Jones. Rochester, NY: D.S. Brewer, 2013. 75\uc0\u8211{}92. Print.\
Schultze, Dirk. \uc0\u8220{}Translating St Catherine of Siena in Fifteenth-Century England.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Catherine of Siena: The Creation of a Cult}. Ed. Jeffrey F Hamburger and Gabriela Signori. Turnhout, Belgium: Brepols, 2013. 185\uc0\u8211{}212. Print.\
Scott, Karen. \uc0\u8220{}Io Catarina: Catherine of Siena.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Dear Sister: Medieval Women and the Epistolary Genre}. Ed. Karen Cherewatuk and Ulrike Wiethaus. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 1993. Print.\
Sedgwick, Eve Kosofsky. {\i{}Epistemology of the Closet}. Berkeley, Calif.; London: University of California Press, 2008. Print.\
---. {\i{}Tendencies}. Durham: Duke University Press Books, 1993. Print.\
{\i{}Siena, Biblioteca Comunale, MSS T.I.2, T.II.2, T.II.3, T.III.3, I.II.33, I.II.4, I.VI.13, I.VI.14}.\
Siena, Caterina of, Phyllis Hodgson, and Gabriel Michael Liegey. {\i{}The Orchard of Syon}. Oxford University Press for the Early English Text Society, 1966. Print.\
Spezzani, Antonio. {\i{}Rappresentatione di santa Catherina ...} Verona: S. dalle Donne, 1589. Print.\
Stewart, Dana E. \uc0\u8220{}Spirits of Love: Subjectivity, Gender, and Optics in the Lyrics of Guido Cavalcanti.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sparks and Seeds}. Vol. 2. Brepols Publishers, 2000. 37\uc0\u8211{}60. {\i{}brepolsonline.net (Atypon)}. Web. 11 Dec. 2015. 0 vols. Late Medieval and Early Modern Studies 2.\
Sturm-Maddox, Sara. \uc0\u8220{}The \uc0\u8216{}Rime Petrose\uc0\u8217{} and the Purgatorial Palinode.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Studies in Philology} 84.2 (1987): 119\uc0\u8211{}133. Print.\
{\i{}The Letters of Catherine of Siena 2. 2.} Tempe, Ariz.: Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, 2001. Print.\
{\i{}The Letters of Catherine of Siena 4. 4.} Tempe, Ariz.: ACMRS, Arizona Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, 2008. Print.\
Thurber, Allison Clark. \uc0\u8220{}Female Urban Reclusion in Siena at the Time of Catherine of Siena.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}A Companion to Catherine of Siena}. Ed. Carolyn Muessig, George Ferzoco, and Beverly Mayne Kienzle. Leiden: Brill, 2012. 47\uc0\u8211{}72. Print.\
Todi), Jacopone (da. {\i{}Jacopone Da Todi: Lauds}. Paulist Press, 1982. Print.\
---. {\i{}Laude: a cura di Franco Mancini}. Laterza, 2006. Print.\
Tylus, Jane. {\i{}Reclaiming Catherine of Siena: Literacy, Literature, and the Signs of Others}. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2009. Print.\
Valli, Francesco. {\i{}I miracoli di Caterina di Jacopo da Siena di anonimo fiorentino}. Sansoni, 1936. Print.\
Vives, Juan Luis. {\i{}The Education of a Christan Woman: A Sixteenth-Century Manual}. Ed. & trans. by Charles Fantazzi. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2000. Print.\
Voaden, Rosalynn. {\i{}Prophets Abroad: The Reception of Continental Holy Women in Late-Medieval England}. Boydell & Brewer, 1996. Print.\
---. {\i{}Prophets Abroad: The Reception of Continental Holy Women in Late-Medieval England}. Boydell & Brewer, 1996. Print.\
---. {\i{}Prophets Abroad the Reception of Continental Holy Women in Late-Medieval England}. Cambridge: D.S. Brewer, 1996. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
\uc0\u8220{}-Vocabolario Degli Accademici Della Crusca -.\uc0\u8221{} N.p., n.d. Web. 20 Feb. 2017.\
Voragine, Jacobus De. {\i{}The Golden Legend: Readings on the Saints}. Princeton University Press, 2012. Print.\
Wanley, Humphrey. {\i{}The Diary of Humfrey Wanley: 1715-1726}. Bibliographical Society, 1966. Print.\
Waters, Claire M. {\i{}Angels and Earthly Creatures Preaching, Performance, and Gender in the Later Middle Ages}. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2004. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
Webb, Heather. \uc0\u8220{}Catherine of Siena\uc0\u8217{}s Heart.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Speculum} 80.3 (2005): 802\uc0\u8211{}817. Print.\
---. {\i{}The Medieval Heart}. New Haven [Conn.]: Yale University Press, 2010. {\i{}Open WorldCat}. Web. 7 Oct. 2015.\
White, James. \uc0\u8220{}Hungering for Maleness: Catherine of Siena and the Medieval Public Sphere.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Religious Studies and Theology} 33.2 (2014): 157\uc0\u8211{}171. Print.\
Witt, Ronald G. \uc0\u8220{}Brunetto Latini and the Italian Tradition of Ars Dictaminis.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Stanford Italian Review 3} 3 (1983): 5\uc0\u8211{}24. Print.\
 N.p. Print.\
}